✓

1. What’s a project goal?

() A vague, yet inspiring outcome of a project
(✓) A desired outcome of a project that is clear and specific
() A report that team members can present to stakeholders

A project goal should tell the team what the end of the project will look like. The goal should also be clear and specific.

2. What’s a project deliverable?

() A roadmap to completing the project
(✓) A tangible outcome produced at the end of a task
() A team brainstorming session

Project deliverables can be an item or report that teammates present to stakeholders, such as a presentation, chart, or graph.

3. What can help create a measurable goal? Select all that apply.

(✓) Benchmarks
() Deadlines
(✓) Metrics
() Contracts

SMART goals are well-defined goals that help keep projects on track. They’re specific, measurable, attainable, relevant, and time-bound. SMART goals are measured with figures or numbers known as metrics. Benchmarks are used to help confirm the accuracy of metrics.

4. Which part of an OKR defines what needs to be achieved?

() Key results
(✓) Objective
() Metric
() SMART method

OKR is an acronym for objectives and key results. Objectives define what needs to be achieved and describe a desired outcome. Key results define how the project team knows whether or not they have met their objective.

5. Which three questions should you ask yourself to make a goal specific?

() Can it be reasonably reached?
(✓) Where should it be delivered?
(✓) Who is involved?
(✓) What do I want to accomplish?

6. Which of the following is an example of a measurable goal? Select all that apply.

(✓) Achieve a 20% improvement in customer satisfaction ratings based on post-support survey results
(✓) Increase product revenue by 5%
() Increase market reach
() Reduce employee turnover
Measurable goals allow you to assess the success of your project based on quantifiable or tangible metrics, such as dollar amounts, percentages, number of outputs, and quantities.
Measurable goals generally include metrics, like figures and numbers, that help the project team determine when the objective is met.

7. What’s a strategy to determine if a goal is attainable?

() Hire a goal-setting coach
() Post the goal on a project management forum for feedback
() Ask the stakeholders
(✓) Break down the goal into smaller parts
Taking a complicated goal and breaking it down into smaller, achievable steps can help you determine if it seems reasonable for your team to accomplish.

8. What can you do to determine if a goal is relevant?
() Compare it to goals the organization set in previous years.
(✓) Consider if the goal matches the organization’s other needs and priorities.
() Ask a project manager on another team.
() Compare it to the project goals of the organization’s three closest competitors.
The goal needs to align with the organization’s other goals, priorities, and values. Everyone involved should feel like the goal is worth supporting.

9. Which of the following are examples of key results? Select all that apply.
() Implement online ordering
(✓) Successfully process 50 online orders
(✓) Increase the number of website visitors by 25%
() Launch a website redesign
A key result details how to tangibly measure the success of the objective. This is an example of a key result for the objective: implement online ordering.
A key result details how to tangibly measure the success of the objective. This is an example of a key result for the objective: launch a new website.

10. Which of the following are objectives and key results (OKRs) development best practices? Select all that apply.
(✓) Objectives should be motivational and inspiring.
(✓) OKRs are a resource that should be linked to the project plan.
() Each key result should have 2-3 objectives
(✓) Key results should be tactical and specific.
Project objectives should be aspirational, aligned with organizational goals, action-oriented, concrete, and significant.
Key results should challenge the project manager and the team to stretch their abilities and achieve more.